SCRUM MEETING 1:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Discuss what needs to be done for this sprint.
    Discuss how to make the website public
    Discuss where reports functionality is at
    Discuss creating a server side of the website

Minutes: First, Howie talked with Gaultier about where the report's functionality is at. He's started the process of how to go about coding the reports. The assignment to
add these reports to the manager side was given to Noah. Afterwards, Howie told everyone about the plans to use heroku to make our website public and told them how it works.
We discussed how we wanted our server side to look, using html still but getting rid of the pictures for the most part. This assignment was given to Haley. Lastly, we 
decided we want our customization selection to look better so this, along with OAuth, was given to Hayden. To deal with more accessibility, there will be nutrition
labels for each drink which is assigned to Howie.

SCRUM MEETING 2:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Status update on server
    Status update on OAuth
    Status update on reporting functionality

Minutes: There wasn't much to discuss during this meeting. Hayden started putting up the OAuth API and told everyone how to download the required installations to get
it to work. Gaultier said he started putting get functions to retrieve information for the reports. We saw from the git push that there is a basic server view in the 
works. We started discussing how to make the customizations interface smoother and look better. One idea is to let the customer select a type and take them to a page
where they can select multiple customizations and amounts for that type.

SCRUM MEETING 3:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Status update for everyone
    Talk about code documentation
    Discuss getting ready for the presentation and group retrospective

Minutes: Firstly, Howie described how he made the website public and shared the url with everyone. Then, we discussed how to change the form sizes based on the 
drink. How to go about making customizations look was a major focus of this meeting. We came to the conclusion of having server side customizations look exactly
the same as menu in that you can choose a type and then the customizations for that type will show up. We may do the same thing for the customer side as well.