SCRUM MEETING 1:

Meeting Agenda Items
    What software we are using.
    Setting up the project repository and software.
    Making sure everyone is connected to the software and repository and ready to go.

Minutes: We discussed connection between the backend and frontend, mainly finding a better way to hold the directory location of the images for each item. 
It was deduced that they should be put in the menu table. Then, we discussed what should be done this sprint. We concluded that the main tasks to be done for this 
sprint are creating functioning order, store location, translation, and manager inventory/menu systems. Taking into account those items, we reviewed how to start.


SCRUM MEETING 2:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Discuss the User Study Report
    Find where we are at with our ordering functionality
    Find where we are at with our API use
    FInd what the backend has done to see if we can implement orders and manager side

Minutes: Discussed if we have everything ready on the backend side to start creating our orders functionality. We found out that we can allow the customer to make
choices with regards to size and customization, but are not ready to send orders to the database yet. The team reviewed how we will be implementing the APIs exactly 
with regards to code. Lastly, we concluded who we will be conducting interviews/observations with for our user study report as well as questions we will be asking.


SCRUM MEETING 3:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Find where we are at and what has been done with the API setups
    Find where we are at and what has been done with the backend functionality
    Find where we are at and what has been done with the manager report views
    Find where we are at and what has been done with the cart/checkout functionality

Minutes: Since Gaultier was not at the meeting, we weren't able to get a detailed update on the backend. We are looking into how to setup the APIs as well as the 
checkout and cart. There is some confusion with installing the django google translation as of right now that we worked on fixing. We discussed figuring out a 
solution to the issue with cart where, when changing to different htmls, there is an issue with saving the cart and when an item will be removed it refreshes the
entire page. It was also found that, thanks to Django’s admin page, the manager is already able to change and add to the database.


SCRUM MEETING 4:

Meeting Agenda Items
    Discuss progress on ordering/checkout
    Discuss progress on APIs
    Discuss how to do ordering and checkout

Minutes: We marked off the API functionalities for Google Maps, showing our store's location, and Google Translate, allowing the language of the webpage to be chosen.
Gaultier described how the backend works for ordering and Hayden demonstrated the base showing of customizations forms. Then, we talked about a solution for adding 
the customizations and sizes to orders and how that will work with the checkout page. For example, removing an item form the checkout page removes it from the order.